Docs updates for JWT OATs (#2905)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/guides/configure/auth-strategies/oauth/how-clerk-implements-oauth.mdx

- Authorization codes expire **after 10 minutes**.
- OIDC `id_token`s expire **after 1 day**.

## Access token format

Clerk issues OAuth access tokens as [JSON Web Tokens (JWTs)](/docs/guides/how-clerk-works/tokens-and-signatures#json-web-tokens-jwts) by default. JWTs are self-contained tokens that can be verified without making a network request to Clerk's servers.

If your use case requires instant token revocation, you can configure your OAuth application to issue **opaque tokens** instead. Unlike JWTs, opaque tokens require a network request to Clerk for verification, but can be revoked immediately.

> To configure the token format for an OAuth application, navigate to the [**OAuth applications**](https://dashboard.clerk.com/~/oauth-applications) page in the Clerk Dashboard and select your application. Under **Token format**, choose between **JWT** (default) or **Opaque**.

Reviewer: Because this is managed at the Instance level, the user does not need to drill down into a specific OAuth App.  Also, it's technically possible to link to the Settings tab. The switch is currently labeled as "Generate access tokens as JWTs".

```suggestion
To configure the token format for an OAuth application, navigate to the [**OAuth applications**](https://dashboard.clerk.com/~/oauth-applications?oauth_applications_tab=settings) page in the Clerk Dashboard and select the Settings tab. **Generate access tokens as JWTs** can be enabled for **JWTs** (the default) or disabled for **Opaque** tokens.
```
